Start a SageMaker Instance:

Log in to your AWS account and go to the SageMaker console.
Click on "Create notebook instance" and configure the settings according to your requirements.
Choose the instance type and specify the IAM role for your instance.
Click on "Create notebook instance" and wait for it to start.
Navigate using the file browser within the notebook:

Once the instance is created, click on "Open JupyterLab".
In the left panel, you will see the file browser. You can navigate to the desired directory by clicking on the folders.
To create a new folder or file, right-click on the parent folder and select "New Folder" or "New File".
To upload a file, click on "Upload" in the file browser and select the file from your local machine.
Run and edit notebooks:

To create a new notebook, click on "File" in the JupyterLab menu and select "New Notebook".
Choose the desired kernel (e.g., Python 3) and start writing code in the first cell.
To run a cell, click on the "Run" button in the toolbar or press "Shift+Enter". The output will appear below the cell.
To edit a cell, simply click on it and start typing.
Troubleshooting:

If you encounter any issues while starting the instance, make sure that your IAM role has the necessary permissions.
If you cannot access the JupyterLab interface, try restarting the instance or clearing your browser cache.
If you encounter errors while running a notebook, check the error message and make sure that your code is correct.
If you encounter issues with the file browser, try refreshing the page or clearing your browser cache.




Troubleshooting tips:

If you encounter errors while running the code, make sure that you have installed all the required libraries and that you have copied and pasted the code correctly.

Check the error message to see if it provides any hints on what went wrong.

Try restarting your kernel and running the code again.

Make sure that your data is in the correct format and that it matches the requirements of the code.

If you are still having issues, try searching online for solutions or asking for help on a forum or community.


Open your SageMaker notebook instance.

Run the first cell to install the required libraries:

df['column'] = df['column'].astype(str).str.replace('(', '').str.replace(')', '').str.replace(',', '')
